A simple adventure game by {who?} based on a simple adventure game engine by [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly).

Code requirements:
- **4+ scenes based on `AdventureScene`**: LabRoom1, LabRoom2, Storage, Hallway, and Outside
- **2+ scenes *not* based on `AdventureScene`**: Logo, Intro, and Outro
- **2+ methods or other enhancement added to the adventure game engine to simplify my scenes**:
    - Enhancement 1: unsatisfied (name the method and explain the use of it).
    - Enhancement 2: unsatisfied (name the method and explain the use of it).

Experience requirements:
- **4+ locations in the game world**: LabRoom1, LabRoom2, Storage, Hallway, and Outside
- **2+ interactive objects in most scenes**: every scene has at least a note, vial, and door to interact with.
- **Many objects have `pointerover` messages**: every item has a pointer over effect, such as the 5 notes.
- **Many objects have `pointerdown` effects**: doors to go to next rooms and vials to pick them up.
- **Some objects are themselves animated**: objects such as the lightswitch or the cabinet will shake when clicked without correct conditions. Items also have a disappearing animation when picked up.

Asset sources:
- (For each image/audio/video asset used, describe how it was created. What tool did you use to create it? Was it based on another work? If so, how did you change it, and where can we learn more about the original work for comparison? Use [Markdown link syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#links).)
- Vials were created by recoloring the 🧪 emoji in Krita and converting it to a png. Except the green vial which is just the 🧪.
- Opening logo was created in Krita by recoloring the Crest of Flames and putting text over it.
- Path.png was generated by Runaway ai bot using the prompt "cartoon path" and edited by me in Krita

Code sources:
- `adventure.js` and `index.html` were created for this project [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly) and edited by me.
- `game.js` was sketched by [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly) and rewritten by me.
